[Music]
[Applause]
first time of the Orion you have the
option to stay in either California or
Nevada I always want to stay in
honeymoon suite
even though I'm not currently on my
honeymoon I got a job singing arena
tomorrow don't pay nothing but a thing
in this thing this is not a place for a
priest father you shouldn't be here
a little too quiet in there it gives me
the willies
[Music]
just too good to be true sir can't we
have problem you watch me I only want to
they tell me to watch his legs
management do you think you could just
take this mind I wouldn't come a-hunting
no I figured you would
[Music]
he lost father can I confess something
to you I'm not really a priest
it's a game it all starts with a simple
choice would you mind opening the door
which cider you want right wrong God or
no God red or black
horrible jokes everybody [ __ ] happened
to get the whiskey
[Music]
I see the moon to relieve the trees the
vehicles not safe
we need to fail need to fail down here
so we don't fail up there pretty
so you know everyone's in agreement we'd
like you to command
[Music]
well that's wrong you think it has been
to the moon
the entire world's watching hi do you
question whether the program's worth the
cost in money in a month one of the
challenges do not coming back or those
kids they don't have a father anymore
great so you're gonna sit the boys down
and you're gonna prepare them for the
fad you might not ever come home why do
you think you're coming back
we have serious bubbles
we've got this under control you're a
bunch of boys you don't have anything
under control
[Music]
we have a wood let me guess he's done
something crazy show me again I want to
break your neck
what was the movie bus kena Nebraska
Williams escorial that's Lynch we troops
Wow I don't think Italy
walk me I had a run-in with a space in
there
this [ __ ] guy is great you're the
rest of us focus on
that's the thing that killed my man
aliens
[Music]
predators exploit weakness tracks its
prey but the game seems to enjoy it it's
not a predator that's a sports hunter
well we took a vote predators cool it
right [ __ ] yeah
x9 with PTSD and then team that's mental
you're insane right then launch fast and
[ __ ] you up their idea of tourism
figured something out I think we're
gonna die
just pointing it out
a big boys honor watchdogs living
the predator only in theaters September
14th I'm not sure I've ever met a man
quite like you you haven't a problem
good virtual reality it's completely
immersive as some people lose track of
our elders that's not gonna happen
[Music]
I just asked what is wrong with you or
did you not burn the Cote du Hoc
restaurant to the ground oh I did you
fire a missile or to put a taunt a
French circus well before commandeering
an open-top bus and tossing the tour
guide off the top deck the youngest
candidate hard spoken for campaign tray
the clear front-runner so start with the
shoulder in a little my name is Gary
Hardin I'm running for president I want
you to think about the opportunity that
we have right here right now I've never
known a guy more talented at untangling
politics so that anyone can understand
it is a gift and he wants to share that
in the long e but he wants is for him to
take the stupid photo you will never
understand that Gary Hart is the man to
beat Mayday if we hold ourselves to
those highest standards in the voters
cannot do otherwise
senator want to ask you some questions
about the woman in your townhouse can
you tell us how you know her you can't
be serious no one this thing in my home
there's no need for that
[Music]
some one thing else to say you don't
embarrass me we can't hide from this the
cameras go everywhere it's up to us to
hold these guys account just because
some other paper use gossip post front
page news I mean that doesn't mean we
have this does it does now is a man with
power and that takes certain
responsibilities we need to say
something it's nobody's business none of
it is okay but we're not talking about
that you're talking about how you get
through today
this campaign is about the future not
rumors not sleaze not care about the
sanctity of this process whether you do
or do not
go on Gary see it there's gonna be a
story tomorrow about me
[Music]
[Applause]
ladies and gentlemen foreign
correspondent of the year
Murray : did you get an eye patch at
Treasure Island
I need it for Thomas for any good the
best also thinking about it once you go
crazy it's not something you get used to
or is not so terrible for governments
for they are not wounded or killed like
ordinary people our mission is to speak
the truth to power we were prepared to
thank your country in the Civil War
what happened they've opened fire on
journalists if the government catches
you they'll kill you
I have nightmares every night you see
mobile the most artists you have to take
it seriously I hate being in a war zone
I also feel compelled to see it for
myself because you're addicted to it
if you use the stuff from those drones
we'll know where we are don't have no
one in their right mind would do what do
you do
[Music]
you have to go back we will die if we go
back
I want people to know your story
you have a god-given talent for making
people stop and care
to being alive I see it so you don't
have to take it you use your conviction
what hope do the rest of us have maybe I
would have liked a more normal life
maybe I just don't know how
[Music]
why are you still like why are you
for all the bodies
[Music]
see no one ever told you your time ago
here to die yeah but they're all dead
[Music]
I have to tell you something
it's about where I came from
[Music]
what's wrong with you
and what I was doing what happened
you keep your town nice and clean and we
do that with our people take your hands
off the wheel I feel so sad for you
there's now before there's only from now
on
we're supposed to be here
it's time for you to come back home
[Music]
[Applause]